>> Will Sentance: Node is gonna auto-run
the code, wrap it in a function,
that's how you save code
to be done later on.
Auto-run the code function for us when a
request, they call these inbound messages
from Sarah Rose's computer after we tweet,
they call it a request for data.
When it arrives from a user,
we're gonna save, look, there it is,
we're gonna save code,
we're gonna to call it doOnIncoming here.
You can call it whatever you want.
Save it, and then have it
auto-run when a message comes in.
Virginia, I want you to, forgive me,
walk up to the screen here and point where
you think we're telling Node, this is the
function we to have you auto-run for us.
Do you mind walking up and
pointing to where it is?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Will Sentance: I'm gonna bet you
will never forget after this moment.
>> Virginia: Where it's actually
asking it to do something?
>> Will Sentance: No,
where we're telling Node,
this is the function we
want you to auto-run.
Point to it where it
>> Will Sentance: She's going-
>> Virginia: This is the function.
>> Will Sentance: That's where we save it,
and where do we tell?
Let's give her a hand.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Will Sentance: Thank you, excellent,
Virginia, very nice.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Will Sentance: Exactly, spot on.
All right, so, people,
it is at that moment online.
There it is, http.createServer.
Inside the parentheses,
whatever we insert there, that code,
which in this case is gonna be the whole
code of the doOnIncoming function,
the entire code of
the doOnIncoming function,
we gave it that label doOnIncoming,
it's all the code inside of it,
we're gonna tell Node, please auto-run
this function when a message comes in.
This may seem incredibly like, God, yeah,
yeah, I used one line of Node before.
I've seen this code before, it's easy.
But if we understand how it's
actually working under the hood,
everything else in Node, we'll see
later on, follows just so naturally.
All right, so there it is.
We're gonna have to tell, well,
let's first save the function.
Virginia, tell me again what
we do in the first line here.
>> Virginia: The first line,
we're declaring a function.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, declaring
a function, declaring a function, exactly.
We'll leave all this out
because it's the same code.
We're declaring a function.
>> Virginia: With the label doOnIncoming.
>> Will Sentance: doOnIncoming, yeah.
We're doing it just into memory.
We should probably draw this out again but
it's okay.
doOnIncoming, there it is,
doOnIncoming, saved.
That's how I represent my functions,
people, when I save them.
There it is, doOnIncoming.
And then, next line, we declare server.
We did it earlier, so
just the same, declare server.
We then run http.createserver.
Michael, what does
http.createserver do in Node?
>> MIchael: It triggers opening the port.
>> Will Sentance: Opening the port,
opening the socket,
using the computer tunnels.
Excellent from Michael, exactly.
And then we have it auto-return an object,
or
it returns an object,
into server that has a bunch of functions
that allow us to edit
the instance of http.socket.
But we do one more thing.
Because when that message comes in, we
need some JavaScript code to run up here.
And we need Node,
when it gets the inbound message,
to trigger some code to go and
run up here.
Where again do I insert zep?
Specifically, if you can be as precise
as possible with your technical
communication, where do I insert
the function that's gonna be saved in Node
that's gonna auto-run when
Node gets an inbound message?
>> Speaker 4: The parameter
of createServer function?
>> Will Sentance: I parse it,
it is my argument, my input,
the whole function definition to
the createServer function call.
doOnIncoming, that means all of
its code is gonna be grabbed and
thrown down to here to be the function
that auto-run this function
when there's activity,
when activity meaning inbound,
some sort of stuff happens,
inbound message.
Auto-run what function zep?
>> Speaker 4: doIncoming.
>> Will Sentance: doOnIncoming,
and there it is.
Auto-run this function.
Fantastic, why?
We don't know when the inbound
request would come.
We don't know, and so we have to rely
on Node to trigger running some code in
JavaScript that we can look at.
And secondly, people, and
we're gonna see this again and again,
JavaScript's single-threaded and
synchronous.
All the slow work, like, well,
it's inherently slow, I guess.
When a message comes in,
we've no idea when it's going to come in.
All work like that, including speaking
to a database, including speaking to
the file system, they're never going
to sit around waiting in JavaScript.
Because it can only do
one thing at a time,
so it can only speak to that database
until it gets a result from the database.
Instead, any task that will take
a long time will be set up in Node and
then have a function attached to it
that will be automatically triggered to
run when the background task
either completes or has activity.
We're gonna see this again,
and again, and again.